Adds information about tiering rules and exclusive access (#1220)
minio/docs: source/administration/object-management.rst

See :ref:`minio-lifecycle-management` for more complete documentation.

Target Bucket Configuration for Tiering
---------------------------------------

> Keep in mind the following considerations when configuring the target bucket for tiering:

Reviewer: I would break this up into two H2s or defnlists. Or just drop this intro and go straight into

- The remote target does *not* require matching object management or versioning configurations to the source

- If you set object locking rules on the remote, these can prevent delete operations on the source from completing
- If you set object expiration rules on the remote, these may result in data loss
- If you enable versioning on the remote, this may result in excess data remaining after delete operations on the source

Something like that.

Reviewer: Mostly so that it's clearer what the cause-effect is to any given config.

Author: Incorporated this and the comment above on results of target versioning into a reworked section.

> - The target bucket *can* have its own set of object management rules different from the source.

Reviewer 2: maybe something like
```suggestion
- The target bucket *can* have its own set of object management rules, tiering does not require the source and target buckets have the same rules.
```

  For example, the source bucket may have object locking defined while the target bucket does not.
- While enabling tiering requires :ref:`versioning <minio-bucket-versioning>` on the source bucket, the target bucket does *not* require versioning.

>   Enabling versioning on both the source and target buckets may lead to unexpected results.

Reviewer 2: Is there anything useful to say about _what sort_ of unexpected results?

Reviewer: Mostly that we already UUID on the remote, so versioning makes no sense.

instead when you delete a tiered object on the source, you get a deletemarker on the remote, so your storage efficiency drops.

At worst you end up with delete markers in both places. ILM eventually cleans up the old metadata on the source, but the remote is still versioned and w/o ILM it just sticks around.

The worst case is ILM on the remote that is not on the source, and then that tears apart your data.

Author: Added Ravind's comments to a completely reworked section.

See :ref:`minio-lifecycle-management` for more complete documentation.

Target Bucket Considerations
----------------------------

> - MinIO does *not* require that the target bucket match object management or versioning configurations with the source bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO does *not* require that the target bucket match object management or versioning configurations with the source bucket.

Configuring versioning, lifecycle management, or object locking on the remote may have effects such as the following:
```

Author: Okay, so trying a different structure to the section entirely.

- Object locking set on the target bucket may prevent desired ``delete`` operations from the source bucket from completing.
- If the target bucket has expiration rules configured, these may result in data loss.
- MinIO tiers objects with their own ``UUID``, so versioning on the target bucket is not required.

>   Versioning on the target bucket may have the following unexpected or undesired results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versioning on the target bucket may have the following unexpected or undesired results:
```

Reviewer: Or crunch this section down into

- Versioning on the target bucket may result in reduced storage efficiency due to the creation of ``DeleteMarkers`` in response to delete operations on the source

Author: Taking the second suggestion and simplifying it down to just that.

  
  - Excess data usage on the target remote after a delete operation on the source
  - Reduced storage efficiency on the target, as ``delete`` operations result in ``DeleteMarker``
  - Duplicate delete markers on source and target buckets

> - The target bucket *can* have its own set of object management rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   Target buckets should *not* have their own rules for expiration or additional tiering.

Reviewer: I'd move this up to be in line with 226.

So something like

The remote bucket should not have any ILM expiration or tiering configurations.
Expiration rules can result in removal of tiered data still in use by the source.
Tiering to an additional remote creates an additional network hop between the hot tier and it's data while also increasing operational complexity.

You *may* configure object locking or versioning on the remote bucket. However, doing so has the following consequences:

- The bullet points.

See :ref:`minio-lifecycle-management` for more complete documentation.

Target Bucket Considerations
----------------------------

MinIO does *not* require that the target bucket match object management or versioning configurations with the source bucket.
The target bucket *may* have its own set of object management rules, if defined with care.

Target buckets should *not* have their own rules for expiration or additional tiering.
Expiration rules can result in removal of tiered data still in use by the source bucket.
Tiering to an additional remote creates an additional network hop between the hot tier and it's data while also increasing operational complexity.

You *may* configure object locking or versioning on the remote bucket.

> Use caution, as mismatched rules between the source and the target buckets run a risk of data corruption and loss.

Reviewer: :thinking: well not mismatched because the source *can* have either, but the remote does *not* require it. Spitballing

```suggestion
Enabling versioning or object locking on the remote is redundant at best and may result in unexpected behavior in response to delete operations.

Reviewer: Or

```suggestion
```

and go right into line 236

Author: I'll just cut that line entirely. 👍

> Creating separate rules on the target bucket may have effects such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling versioning or object locking on the target bucket may have effects such as the following:
```

Author: 👍

- Object locking set on the target bucket may prevent desired ``delete`` operations from the source bucket from completing.

> - MinIO tiers objects with their own ``UUID``, so versioning on the target bucket is not required.
> 
>   If you enable versioning on the target bucket, you may experience the following unexpected or undesired results:
>   
>   - Excess data usage on the target remote after a delete operation on the source
>   - Reduced storage efficiency on the target, as ``delete`` operations result in ``DeleteMarker`` rather than freeing space
>   - Duplicate delete markers on source and target buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MinIO tiers objects with their own ``UUID``, so versioning on the target bucket is redundant at best.
- Reduced storage efficiency on the target, as ``delete`` operations result in creation of a ``DeleteMarker`` rather than freeing space
- Duplicate delete markers on source and target buckets
```

Might as well make these inline - object locking implies versioning anyways, so these are all true.

Author: 👍
